Update the readme (#748)
OpenSlides/openslides-autoupdate-service: README.md

```
docker run  --network host -e POSTGRES_PASSWORD=password -e POSTGRES_USER=openslides -e POSTGRES_DB=openslides postgres:13
docker run --network host redis
```

### With Golang

```
export DATABASE_PASSWORD_FILE=secrets/postgres_password
export AUTH_TOKEN_KEY_FILE=secrets/auth_token_key
export AUTH_COOKIE_KEY_FILE=secrets/auth_cookie_key
go build
./autoupdate
```

### With Docker

Make sure the service inside the docker container can connect to the auth

> service, postgres and redis. For example with the docker argument --network
> host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
service, postgres and redis, for example with the docker argument `--network
host`.
```

It also supports the attributes `single=1` and the normal autoupdate body.

### Connection Count

> The autoupdate services saves, how many connections each user currently open.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The autoupdate services saves how many connections are currently open to each user.
```

> The save-interval can be defined with the environment variable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The save interval can be defined with the environment variable
```

> METRIC_SAVE_INTERVAL. The default is 5 minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`METRIC_SAVE_INTERVAL`. The default is 5 minutes.
```

> The values are saved for each instance of the autoupdate-service. So it is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The values are saved for each instance of the autoupdate service. So it is
```

> possible to access all open connection for every autoupdate-service-instance in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
possible to access all open connection for every instance of the autoupdate service in
```

the same cloud.

> `curl "localhost:9012/service/autoupdate/connection_count`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`curl "localhost:9012/service/autoupdate/connection_count"`
```

> It returns a json-dictonary like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It returns a JSON dictonary like this:
```

`{"0":15,"1":4,"2":3}`

> The key is a user ID and the value amount of currently open connections. User-ID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The key is a user ID and the value is the amount of currently open connections. User ID
```

`0` is the anonymous user. It the example above, the anonymous user has 15 open

> connections, the user with the id 1 has 4 open connections and the user with the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
connections, the user with the ID 1 has 4 open connections and the user with the
```

ID 2 has 3 open connection.

> Users can only access this page, if they have the organization management level

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users can only access this page if they have the organization management level
```
Which organization management level? I guess `can_manage_organization`?

or higher.

## Metric

> The autoupdate-service logs some metric values. The interval can be set with the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The autoupdate service logs some metric values. The interval can be set with the
```

> environment varialbe METRIC_INTERVAL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
environment variable `METRIC_INTERVAL`.
```

The logged metric is a json dictonary like:

```json
{
    "connected_users_anonymous_connections": 1,
    "connected_users_average_connections": 3,
    "connected_users_current": 3,
    "connected_users_current_local": 3,
    "connected_users_total": 3,
    "connected_users_total_local": 3,
    "current_connections": 8,
    "current_connections_local": 8,
    "datastore_cache_key_len": 343,
    "datastore_cache_size": 3114,
    "runtime_goroutines": 42
}
```

The values are:

* `connected_users_anonymous_connections`: Number of connections from the

>   anonymous users from all autoupdate-instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  anonymous users from all autoupdate instances.
```

* `connected_users_average_connections`: Average connection count for each user
  except for anonymous user.
* `connected_users_current`: Amount of connected users that have at least one
  open connection.
* `connected_users_current_local`: Amount of connected users that have at least
  one open connection of this instance.
* `connected_users_total`: Amount of different users that are currently

>   connected or where connection since the start of the autoupdate-service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  connected or were connected since the autoupdate service was started.
```

> * `connected_users_total_local`: Same as connected_users_total but only for this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `connected_users_total_local`: Same as `connected_users_total`, but only for this
```

> instance. one open connection of this instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
instance.
```
